Update passed-props.mdx (#935)
styled-components/styled-components-website: sections/basics/passed-props.mdx

);
```

> Note how the `$inputColor` prop is not passed to the DOM, but `type` and `defaultValue` are. That is styled-components are smart enough to filter non-standard attributes automatically for you.

Reviewer: Improved sentence

```suggestion
Note how the `$inputColor` prop is not passed to the DOM, but `type` and `defaultValue` are? The `styled` function is smart enough to filter non-standard attributes automatically for you.
```
